[Scott Tolinski] I wanted to share it immediately.
I wanted to build more things in it.
[James Q Quick] I love it.
[Fireship] It's the only JavaScript framework
that's actually enjoyable to use.
[Ben McCann] Svelte introduced a new ergonomics
to building a website that's made it more fun
and easier than it's been in a long time.
And the way that it's done that is by introducing
this concept of generating reactive code at compile time.
[Scott Tolinski] What Svelte allows us to do is to write code
that's not only small and simple, but plain and readable.
[Amelia Wattenberger] You're mostly just looking at basic HTML,
JavaScript, and CSS.
[Aliza Aufrichtig] The thing I like most about using Svelte
is how fast you can move.
[Moritz Stefaner] And when I discovered Svelte, it came back to this,
oh, here's a really simple way to do things.
[Shawn Wang] You don't actually need all this machinery
in order to do components right.
I looked at my React experience so far —
I could not be anywhere as productive as I could be in Svelte.
And that's when it started really taking it seriously.
[Amelia Wattenberger] There's quite a bit of usage these days
and satisfaction is still, I think, the highest
or one of the highest for any of the larger
or more used JavaScript frameworks.
[Guillermo Rauch] When you write your application,
you're making it fast by construction.
It's almost impossible to create a slow app
and I think Svelte has an incredible advantage here.
People love Svelte.